Itinerary Details
Day 1 Arrive at Indore - Ujjain-
As you arrive at the Indore airport, our tour representative meets and greets you. He helps you with an assisted transfer Ujjain. As you arrive, complete the check-in formalities. If energy and time permits, you can explore the city on your own. An ancient city in Madhya Pradesh, it is dotted with a number of old temples, which are sheer architectural marvels. Stay overnight in Ujjain.

Day 2 Ujjain-
After breakfast on the 2nd day of the tour, get ready for visiting the popular temples of Ujjain. The first visit is to Kaal Bhairav Baba temple for Pooja and Darshan. Dedicated to Bhairo Baba, this temple was erected by King Bhadrasen on the banks of Shipra River.

Apart from other things, liquor is served to the Lord as offering. The next in line is the Mahakaleshwar Temple, one of the 12 most popular Jyotirlingas, dedicate to Lord Shiva. Also known as top 10 Tantra temples of India, this temple is an important sacred site for Hindus. Mahakaleshwar is also known to be one of the abodes of the Lord. Stay overnight.

Day 3 Ujjain - Omkareshwar-
This morning, after breakfast, leave for Omkareshwar around 10 AM, by road. Afternoon arrival in Omkareshwar. Check-in is followed by lunch. Exploration of Omkareshwar starts with a dip River Narmada, followed by a boat ride to Triveni Sangam. Triveni Sangam is the point of confluence of three holy rivers of Hinduism. This point is flocked by a huge number of devotees who wish to pay their homage to these 3 river goddesses.

Thereafter, you visit another one of the 12 most revered Jyotirlinga, Omkareshwar temple. This temple is placed on an island, Mandhata or Shivapuri, in River Narmada. It is said that the island is in the form of an ‘OM’. Dinner and overnight stay in Omkareshwar.

Day 4 Omkareshwar – Khargone - Shahada-
The day begins with an early morning breakfast. Around 8:00 AM, complete the check-out and leave for Khargone. The road journey would be of around 4 hours. Make a stop here. Located on the banks of River Kunda, this serene town is known for excellent production of chili pepper and cotton. Here, visit the Navgraha temple, dedicated to the Nava Grahas or the nine planets. Devotees flock this temple to pacify all the planets for good luck. Later, continue driving to Shahada. The duration of road journey is around four and a half hours. Evening arrival in Shahada. On arrival complete the check-in and enjoy tea with refreshments.

Start your day with the regular morning breakfast and later depart for Khargone at 8 AM. Arrive in Khargone by 12 PM and proceed towards Shahada at 1.30 PM. Arrive in Shahada by 5.30 PM and check-in at the hotel for tea break. If time and energy permits, you can explore the place on your own.

Famous for its educational facilities, Shahada town lies on the northwest curve of Maharashtra state. The excavation site of Prakasha Village and the religious village of Dakshin Kashi are the two prime attractions here. Dinner and overnight stay at Shahada.

Day 5 Shahada – Ankleshwar-
On the 5th day of the tour, have your breakfast early as you leave for Ankleshwar by road later. Afternoon arrival and completion of check-in formalities. Thereafter, relish lunch. Also known as the Gujarat’s ‘City of Oil’, Ankleshwar also houses for popular Jain temples. You can explore the place on your own before tea break at 04:00 PM.

The evening is scheduled for a visit to Vamleshwar Katpur, one of the must-visit places in Narmada Parikrama journey. It is placed on the meeting points of the Arabian Sea and the pious Narmada River. The place is popular for offering lovely views of the surrounding. Enjoy dinner. Stay overnight in Ankleshwar.

Day 6 Drive to Mithi Talai - Bharuch - Baroda-
Start your day early and leave your hotel at Ankleshwar. Drive to Mithi Talai. It is the site where River Narmada mingles into the Arabian Sea. The water here is known to be sweet in taste. On the after one hour drive driver will drop you at the boating point. From there guest will catch the boat to reach Mithitalai. And driver will lead to Mithitalai and pick up you to other side.

Later you will stop at Nareshwar Dham. Here is a temple dedicated to Lord Shiva. This beautiful temple is placed on the banks of holy Narmada. By afternoon arrive in Baroda, also known as Vadodara. Check in to the hotel and have lunch. Evening is at your leisure. You can easily sightsee on your own. Some of the places worth-visiting are Laxmi Niwas Palace, Kirti Stambh and Sayaji Baug. Overnight stay in Baroda.

Day 7 Baroda - Jhabua-
After breakfast on day 7, hit the road to Jhabua town of Madhya Pradesh. By noon, you reach the town. Check into the hotel here. Once you are done with all the formalities, continue with sightseeing. The capital of a princely state of Central India of the British Raj, Jhabua was also known as White Gold.

The region is popular for owning a rich type of black cotton soil. Deojhiri, Kathiwada and Bhabhara are some of the must-visit places near Jhabua. These places are an ideal mix of serene ambiance, attractive attractions and beautiful scenery. Stay overnight.

Day 8 Jhabua - Mandu - Bhopal-
Post an early morning breakfast, the day is booked for sightseeing tour of Mandu, a quaint ruined city that flourished under Mughal rule. The place tells the story of love between Prince Baz Bahadur and Rani Roopmati. The place is dotted with a number of attractions such as Jahaz Mahal, Hindola Mahal, Baaz Bahadur’s Palace, Roopmati’s Pavilion and Jami Masjid.

Thereafter, continue towards Bhopal. Take a break for lunch. Evening arrival in Bhopal, the ‘City of Lakes’. Complete the check-in formalities. If time permits, you can embark on a city tour including popular attractions of Bhopal such as Laxmi Narayan Temple, Moti Masjid, Shaukat Mahal and Taj-ul-Masjid. It is Madhya Pradesh’s second largest city. Dinner and overnight stay in Bhopal.

Day 9 Bhopal - Jabalpur-
After breakfast on the 9th day of Narmada Parikrama itinerary, start your journey for Jabalpur, via Rajmarg where you take a halt for lunch. Here, you also Barman Ghat- around 16 km from Kareli. This point is two prime ghats- Ret ghat and Brahman ghat. It is confluence of rivers Warahi and Nerbudda and also becomes the venue of a huge fair.

Continue towards Jabalpur. The next halt in line is Shankracharya Temple or JhoteshwarTemple. The temple is built on the site where Jagatguru Shankracharya Joytesh and Dwarkadish Pithadheshwar Saraswati Maharaj had meditated. On the occasion of Basant Panchami, a 7- day fair is organized here. Evening arrival in Jabalpur. Check-in followed by dinner. Overnight stay in Jabalpur.

Day 10 Jabalpur-
Post breakfast, today you spend the day exploring the attractions of Jabalpur. Some of the places that you visit today include Bhedaghat- the town offering boating opportunities on the placid waters of River Narmada through marble rocks; Tripur Sundari Temple- around 12 km from Bhedghat in Tewat village, this temple has a beautiful idol of Tripur Sundari Devi that emerged right from the ground; Gwari Ghat- a town on the banks of Narmada, also known to have a connection with Guru Nanak Dev ji of Sikhism and lastly, Madanmahal Fort -a 11th century fort commissioned by Raja Madan Singh- the 38th Gond ruler, it offers lovely views of the town. Stay overnight at Jabalpur.

Day 11 Jabalpur - Umaria - Amarkantak-
Have your breakfast and hit the road to Umaria town of Madhya Pradesh where you halt for lunch. After lunch continue your journey to Amarkantak, also known as Tirthraj or the ‘King of Pilgrimages’. Evening arrival in the holy town of Amarkantak. Check –in at the hotel and enjoy tea and refreshment.

Later on, get all set to visit Kapildhara waterfalls and the other temples, placed nearby. Around 6 km from Narmada Kund, these waterfalls have a height of 100 feet. Treat your eyes to the lovely views of the surrounding forests and the mountains. Sightseeing is followed by dinner. Overnight stay.

Day 12 Amarkantak - Dindori-
On day 12, after you have your breakfast visit Mai ki Bagiya temple to perform Pooja of Garden Goddess. Around 1 km away from Narmada Kund, this temple cum garden was made in the honor of Goddess Narmada. This well-maintained garden has a number of fruit trees like banana tree, mango tree etc.

Later on, visit Narmada Kund- a pond dedicated to river Goddess Narmada. Adorning white color, it is one of the 51 Shaktipeethas of Ma Druga. Sightseeing in Amarkantak is followed by lunch. After this, leave for Dindori, by road. On arrival, check-in at the hotel. If time permits, you can explore the place on your own. Have dinner. Overnight stay in Dindori.

Day 13 Dindori - Lakhnadon - Piparya-
After breakfast on the morning of day 13, travel by road for Lakhnadon. By afternoon, you reach Lakhnadon, continuing the journey to Piparya. On the way, you pay homage to Lord Shiva at the Jyoteshwar Mahadev Temple. Tea break at Narsimhpur. You arrive in Piparya around 7:00 in the evening.

Complete the check-in formalities. If time and energy permits, you can visit the nearby attractions of the place on your own. One of the cities in Madhya Pradesh state, Piparya us known for being the railhead for the military station. Cherish the serenity while you savor dinner. Stay overnight.

Day 14 Piparya – Departure from Indore-
In the morning, begin your road journey to Indore Airport/railway station to board flight/train for your onward journey.

