Itinerary Details
Day 1 : Delhi / Chandigarh via Mansa Devi Temple - 6 hours-
After reaching Delhi, leave for Chandigarh. On your way to Chandigarh, visit Mata Mansa Devi Temple. Dedicated to Maa Mansa, Mata Mansa Devi Temple is one of the most revered temples across the country. People from all over visit the temple to seek the blessings of Maa Mansa.

Leave for Chandigarh after Darshan. On reaching Chandigarh, check-in at the hotel. Go for sightseeing at the attractions of Chandigarh. Visit the famous Sukhana Lake, Rock Garden and Tower of Shadows. Enjoy a comfortable stay at the hotel.

Day 2 : Chandigarh - Nainadevi  (125 Km 2hrs ) - Chintpurni/Sheetladevi (150 Km. 2 ½ hrs) – Kangra (70 Km 1 ½ hrs)-
Drive towards Naina Devi Temple (Bilaspur) this morning. To reach the temple at the hill top, you can use the stairs or travel through a cable car. One of the 51 Shaktipeethas, Naina Devi Temple is a popular pilgrimage site in Himachal Pradesh. It is the place where the eyes of Sati fell down.

After Darshan, leave for Sheetla Devi Temple which is dedicated to Mata Sheetla Devi. Also visit Chintpurni Temple, a sacred temple that holds immense religious importance. It is believed that those who wish for something from a true heart, their wishes are fulfilled.

Stay overnight at the hotel.

Day 3 : Kangra - Jwala ji (35 Km 1 hr.) / Bhagula Mukhi / Kangra Devi / Mata Kapal Pathri / Mata Kangraji /Mata Jawala ji-
This morning, leave for Dharamshala. On arrival, complete all the check-in formalities at the hotel.  Seek blessings at Mata Jwala ji Temple, a revered temple dedicated to Goddess Jwalamukhi. The temple has nine permanent flames that have been named after goddesses- Mahakali, Unpurna, Chandi, Hinglaj, Bindhya Basni, Maha Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ambika and Anji Devi.

Post Darshan, visit Maa Bhagula Mukhi Temple and take the blessings of Maa Bhagula who is known to be the source of every knowledge of the universe. Visit Kangra Devi Temple where Maa Kangra is worshipped in the form of a ‘pindi’.

You are free to spend the rest of the day at leisure. Overnight stay at Kangra.

Day 4 : Kangra – Chamunda Devi (70km. 1½ hrs.)  - Dharamshala (30km. 30 Minutes) – Dalai Lama Monastery-
Go for Darshan at Chamunda Devi Mandir in the morning. One of the seven mother goddesses, Chamunda Devi is also known as Chamundi. Devotees from all over visit the temple to seek the blessings of Maa Chamunda. Go for sightseeing around Dharamshala in the afternoon. Visit attractions like Dalai Lama Monastery and Bhagsu Nag temple.

Get back to the hotel by evening and stay overnight at the hotel.

Day 5 :  Dharamshala / Katra (250 Km. 5 - 6 hrs.)-
Leave for Katra via Jammu this morning. On arriving in Katra, check-in at the hotel. Spend the day the way you like. You can go to explore the local market of Katra. Overnight stay at Katra.

Day 6 :  Katra Vaishno Devi-
This day, you go for Darshan at Vaishno Devi. Early in the morning, start trekking to the Vaishno Devi Shrine. One of the holiest shrines in India, Vaishno Devi Temple is the abode of Maa Vaishno Devi, who is also known as Mata Rani. Maa Vaishno is considered a manifestation of Mother Goddess.

People from all over the world visit the temple to seek blessings of Maa Vaishno. People believe that no prayer goes unanswered from the temple of Maa Vaishno. Trek back to Katra after Darshan at the temple. On reaching, get back to the hotel and stay overnight.

Day 7 :  Katra / Amritsar - (270 Km. 5 - 6 hrs.)-
Start driving to Amritsar and en-route visit Wagah border. A popular attraction of Amritsar, Wagah border is the border connecting India and Pakistan. The key highlight of the place is the evening ceremony that takes place every day. Later, go back to the hotel and stay overnight.

Day 8 :  Amritsar / Delhi – (500 Km. 9 hrs.)-
Enjoy your breakfast and checkout from the hotel. Begin the sightseeing tour of Amritsar with a visit to Harmandir Sahib, also known as the Golden Temple. Later, visit Jallianwala Bagh, a place holding a lot of historical significance. It is the area which commemorates the massacre commissioned by General Dyer during the British Rule. Later, get dropped at the Airport or Railway station and carry on with your onward journey.


