Itinerary Details
Day 1:  Gorakhpur-
Upon arrival in Gorakhpur, our tour representative will meet you and assist you in smooth transfer to the hotel.

Later, check into the hotel and retire in the hotel room. In the evening, head straight towards Gorakhpur Temple for Darshan.

Stay overnight in the hotel.

Day 2:  Gorakhpur – Pokhara-
Post breakfast in the morning, leave by road for Sunouli. It is an important border crossing between India and Nepal. Later, enjoy sightseeing at Sunouli. Later, continue with your drive towards Lumbini-the birth place of Lord Buddha.

There are several ‘World Heritage Sites’ which has lots to offer for sightseeing which include visiting Bodhi tree & pond, Ashoka Pillar, Pillar Edict for Ashoka, Eternal Peace Flame, Lumbini Garden, Burmese Lokamani Kala Pagoda and Chinese Maitreya Temple.

Finally, head towards Pokhara.

Stay overnight at the hotel in Pokhara.

Day 3:  Jomsom-
Early morning, wake up early to board a flight to Jomsom. After reaching Jomsom, settle down in the jeep for a drive to Muktinath.

Muktinath is considered as a sacred place by the devotees of Lord Vishnu in Muktinath Valley. After Pooja and Darshan at the temple, return back to Jomsom.

Stay overnight at the hotel in Jomson.

Day 4:  Pokhara-
Post breakfast in the morning, return back to Pokhara from Jomson. Upon arrival in Pokhara, check-in at the hotel. After freshen up, step out for some sightseeing tour of Pokhara.

The major tourist attractions in Pokhara include Peace Temple, Poon Hill, Phewa Tal-the second largest lake of Nepal, Begnas Lake, Barahi Temple and International Mountain Museum. Also, enjoy sunrise Paragliding in Pokhara.

Stay overnight at the hotel in Pokhara.

Day 5:  Kathmandu-
After breakfast, head straight to Manakamana temple for Darshan from Kathmandu. To visit the temple, it takes a cable car ride of 15 to 20 minutes to reach the Temple.

After the Darshan at the temple start driving to Kathmandu.

Stay the night at the hotel in Kathmandu.

Day 6:  Kathmandu-
Wake up early in the morning and head for the Darshan at the Pashupatinath Temple. The famous Hindu temple is located on the banks of River Bagmati.

It has been declared as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Some major attractions in Kathmandu include Guhewari Temple, Baudhanath Stupa and the Swayambhunath Stupa.

Stay overnight at the hotel in Kathmandu.  

Day 7:  Gorakhpur-
Post breakfast in the morning, leave by road for Gorakhpur via Sunouli. After reaching the Gorakhpur Airport, board a flight for onward destination.


