Day 1: Delhi - Bagdogra - Gangtok
Board an early morning flight to Bagdogra airport. After arriving in Gangtok, meet our guide who will help transfer you to Gangtok and check into the hotel. Dinner and overnight stay at the Gangtok hotel.

Day 2: Gangtok - Yuksom (134 kms/5 hrs)
After breakfast, you will drive to Yuksam for overnight stay and dinner.

Day 3: Yuksam - Tsokha
Kick start your day with a healthy breakfast and head to your destination for the day, Tsokha. The trek will begin at a local market; then the trekkers will have to cross four bridges and climb steeply towards the northeast to reach Bakkhim. The trail will continue for another three km and pass through the magnolia and rhododendron forest till Tsokha. Dinner and overnight stay in Tshoka.

Day 4: Tsokha - Dzongri
Early morning, you will be guided to alp of Phedang (3650 m). After crossing alp of Phedang, you will start your trek to Dzongri, which will be the campsite for the overnight stay and dinner.

Day 5: Dzongri - Laxmi Pokhari
Rise early and shine, today you will have to trek uphill till the ridge to chase the dawn. The view of the sun gliding above the mountainous horizon is breathtaking. Also, you can enjoy the astounding view of the neighbouring peaks - Kanchenjunga (8,586 m), Kabru (7,000 m), Pandim (6,691 m), Rathong glacier, amongst other. After few steps, you will trek along the rhododendron bushes and pasture land, till you reach Chamaray. From Chamaray, a steep uphill climb might land you to Laxmi Pokhari, which will be your camping site for the day and dinner.

Day 6: Dzongri - Bikhbari
On this day, the trail goes to left side to reach Zamlingang. Dinner and overnight stay in Zamlingang camp.

Day 7: Bikhbari - Chaurikhang and Rathong Glacier (Kanchenjunga Base Camp)-Bikhbari
Today is going to be the day for what you have been waiting, trek to the Kanchenjunga Base Camp. Early morning, get ready for a trek to Kanchenjunga Base Camp to see the stunning view of the Frey's peak (5830 meters), Koktang (6,148 meters), Kabur and Rathong glacier. Spend some time there and come back to Bikhbari for camp and overnight stay.

Day 8: Reserve Day for Summit
This day can be spent at leisure to save your strength for the next day. Lap up the charming settings that abound. If you wish, you can explore the vicinity nearby. Retreat for the night in tents.

Day 9: Bikhbari - Bakkhim
Early morning, start trekking downhill to Bakkhim for overnight stay and dinner.

Day 10: Bakkhim - Yuksom
After breakfast, trek downhill to Yuksom. Upon arrival, you will visit the Dubdi monastery for lip-smacking lunch. Overnight stay and dinner in Yuksom camp.

Day 11: Yuksom - Bagdogra - Delhi
Wake up in the morning, pack bags and get ready for the Bagdogra airport to board a flight to your respective cities. With the transfer to airport, this incredible Kanchenjunga BC Trek will come to an end.

Tour & Services End.
