Day 01: Arrive Delhi
Meet on arrival at Delhi Airport by our representative and transferred to the hotel. Overnight stay at hotel.

Day 02: Delhi Red Fort, Delhi
After breakfast full Day city tour of Delhi, Including the Old Delhi, visiting the world-famous Red Fort, Jama Masjid, and enjoy an exciting Cycle Rickshaw ride in the busy lanes of the Chandni Chowk, the main street of Old Delhi and a lively shopping bazaar.

Afternoon visit New Delhi (Designed and developed by the famous English architect Sir Edwin Lutyens (1869- 1944), visit Rashtrapati Bhawan (the official residence of the president of India), India Gate - a 42 m high stone memorial arch, the 12th century Qutub Minar, the mid-16th century Humayun's Tomb and the famous Lotus Temple in New Delhi. Overnight stay at hotel.

Day 03: Delhi - Sariska (220 Kms)Sariska
After breakfast drive to Sariska. On arrival at Sariska check-in at hotel. Afternoon free for your own activity. Overnight stay at hotel.

Sariska Tiger Reserve is situated in the Aravali Hills covering 800 sq km area divided into the grasslands, sheer cliffs, dry deciduous forests and rocky landscape. You can also have camel safaris, go out for shopping in the surrounding places, visit medieval palaces or wildlife watching at Sariska Wildlife Sanctuary.

Day 04: Sariska – Ranthambore (180 Kms)
Morning Jeep safari at Sariska wildlife sanctuary for wildlife viewing. After breakfast drive to Ranthambore. On arrival at Ranthambore check-in at hotel. Rest of the day free to use the hotel recreational activity. Overnight stay at hotel.

Day 05: Ranthambore
Morning and afternoon Jeep safari at Ranthambore National Park to explore the flora and fauna of the National Park. Overnight stay at hotel.

Ranthambore National Park is one of the finest and largest tiger reserves in Northern India and considered the best place to spot the tiger in wilderness. The park is also popular with the wildlife photographers.

Day 06: Ranthambore - Jaipur (180 Kms)Ranthambore to Jaipur
After breakfast drive to 'Pink City' as Jaipur is popularly known. On arrival at Jaipur check-in at hotel. Afternoon visit the enchantingly beautiful City Palace, a fine blend of Rajasthani and Mughal architecture, now housing a museum containing rare armories, manuscripts, and paintings. Next visit the Hawa Mahal (Palace of Winds), the landmark architecture of Jaipur built of pink sandstone. You will also visit the Jantar Mantar, an Astronomical observatory built by maharaja Jai Singh in 1728. Overnight stay at hotel.

The picturesque capital of Rajasthan, Jaipur, is colour washed pink - the colour associated with hospitality in Rajput culture. Built in 1727 A.D. by Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh II, Jaipur displays a remarkable harmony and architectural splendour. The ancient heart of the Pink City still beats in its fairy-tale palaces, rugged fortresses perched on barren hills and broad avenues that dot the entire city. The only planned city of its time, a formidable wall encircles Jaipur. There is a timeless appeal to Jaipur's colourful bazaars where one can shop for Rajasthani handlooms and trinkets. Beautiful laid out gardens and parks, attractive monuments and marvelous heritage hotels, once the residence of Maharajas, are worth admiration. Not to mention the ambling camels and cheerful people in multi-hued costumes make your trip to the pink city a memorable one.

Day 07: Jaipur – Bharatpur (180 Kms)Jaipur to Bharatpur
After breakfast visit Amer Fort. Later drive to Bharatpur. On arrival check-in at hotel. Later take a Rickshaw ride at Bharatpur sanctuary for Bird watching. Overnight stay at hotel.

Bharatpur Bird Sanctuary also known as The Keoladeo National Park is the India's famous avifauna sanctuary that plays host to thousands of birds especially during the summer season. The sanctuary is not only about Siberian Cranes. Any 1st time visitor is bound to be overwhelmed by the sheer number of waterfowl and waders which congregate on the shallow marshy lakes of Bharatpur. Winter (Nov - Mar) is the best time to visit the sanctuary when Palearctic migrants join the residents. An average day can still throw up many rare and threatened species like the Sociable Lapwing, Indian Courser, Imperial, White-tailed, Greater and Indian Spotted Eagles, Darters, Black-necked, Painted and Asian Openbill Storks, Common, Sarus and Demoiselle Cranes, Dalmatian Pelicans, Black Bittern, Greater Painted Snipe, Large-tailed, Indian and Grey Nightjars, Dusky Eagle Owls, Marshall's Iora, Siberian Rubythroat and Brook's Leaf Warblers.

Day 08: Bharatpur – Fatehpur Sikri - Agra (60 Kms)Red Fort, Delhi
After breakfast Rickshaw ride to the Bharatpur Sanctuary for Bird watching. Later drive to Agra, enroute visit Fatehpur Sikri - It was built between 1571 and 1585 and It is one of the finest pattern of Mughal architectural. Although the city is in ruins, it is a must visit place for those who visit Agra. Fatehpur Sikri is a place where one should spend some time. Later continue drive to Agra. On arrival at Agra check-in at hotel. Overnight stay at hotel.

Day 09: Agra - Delhi (204 Kms)
Morning visit Taj Mahal at Sunrise, Taj Mahal built by Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan in memory of his wife Mumtaz Mahal. This monument is made of white marble and it took 22 years to get constructed. After breakfast visit Agra Fort which has the Pearl Mosque, Diwan-e-am (the hall of public audience) and Diwan-e-Khas (the hall of private audience). Later drive back to Delhi. On arrival at Delhi check-in at hotel. Overnight stay at hotel.

Day 10: Delhi Departure
Breakfast at hotel and transfer to the Airport on time for your onward destination.

Tour & services Ends.