Itinerary Details
Day 1:  Arrival in Coimbatore - Ooty (approx. 100 km/ 3 hours)-
Arrival at the Coimbatore Airport / Railway Station. Start the road journey for Ooty. On reaching, check-in at the hotel. Rest for some time and enjoy lunch. Later, partake in sightseeing including the prime attractions of Ooty. Lovingly called the 'Queen of the Hill Stations', Ooty has been blessed by abundant lush surroundings and stunning vistas. It is officially known as Udhagamandalam and has an absolutely relaxed feel. Today you visit Botanical Garden- spread in 22 hectares, this beautiful garden has a terraced layout; Ooty Lake- where one can enjoy boating and Doddabetta Peak- the highest mountain in the Nilgiri Hills with a height of 2,637 m. Later, enjoy a visit to the local market.

Overnight stay.

Day 2:  Ooty – Coonoor - Ooty (approx. 1 hour)-
The day, after breakfast, is for an excursion to Coonoor. This wonderful hill town has aromatic tea plantations, lofty verdant Nilgiri Hills and colorful wildflowers. Bird watching is a popular activity here due to avifaunal wealth. Do not miss a visit to the Dolphin's Nose- a massive rock formation in the shape of the nose of a dolphin. The views from top are breathtaking. Next, enjoy a visit to the Lamb's rock- a wonderful picnic spot, equally popular amid locals and tourists. Return to Ooty, one of the most popular hill stations in Tamil Nadu.

Stay overnight in Ooty.

Day 3:  Ooty - Kodaikanal (approx. 250 km / 6 hours)-
Day 3 begins early. Start your road journey to Kodaikanal. On the way, halt to visit the Palani temples. The temples here are a wonderful example of South Indian style of temple architecture. Later, continue your journey. As you reach, complete the check-in. Enjoy some refreshment and then leave for sightseeing of Kodaikanal. Known for its green hills, placid lakes, granite cliffs, lush valleys and cascading waterfalls, this hill station of Tamil Nadu has several attractions. Enjoy the peace spread all around.

Overnight stay.

Day 4:  Kodaikanal-
Continue with the sightseeing today. The hill town of Kodaikanal is placed around the star shaped Kodai Lake, spread in an area of 60 acres. Popular places of tourist interest include the Kodai Lake, Kodaikanal Solar Physical Observatory, Bryant Park (housing 740 species of roses), Coaker's Walk (a long pathway with wonderful views), Kurunji Andavar Temple (dedicated to Lord Murugan or Kartikeya), Green Valley View with its wonderful vistas, Pillar Rocks (a picnic spot with a small well-maintained garden) and Shembaganur Natural History Museum.

Stay overnight.

Day 5:  Kodaikanal- Munnar (160 km / 6 hours)-
On day 5, have breakfast and start your road journey to Munnar, one of the best destinations in Kerala. On the way, there are a number of waterfalls. If you want, you can halt to click photographs and enjoy the scenery. Continue your road journey. Complete the check-in formalities on arrival. Munnar lies on the altitude of 6000 feet above the sea level and is visited by a decent number of tourists every year. The place has various attractions, lush tea plantations, lush surroundings, salubrious climate, adventure and more. The rest of the day is at leisure and you can explore the place at your own pace.

Overnight stay in Munnar.

Day 6:  Munnar (sightseeing)-
Post breakfast in the morning, embark on a sightseeing tour of famous tourist spots in Munnar. The hill town is dotted with several attractions. Visit the Christ Church- a beautiful British church that was constructed in the year 1910; wildlife spotting at the Eravikulam National Park- called home by the endangered mountain goat of South India (the Nilgiri Tahr); Mattupetty Dam- a popular picnic site with lush surroundings where a dam constructed on a lake and lastly the Anamudi peak. Standing at an altitude of 2695 m above the sea level, this peak is placed inside Eravikulam. It is quite popular amid trekking enthusiasts.

Stay overnight in Munnar.

Day 7:  Munnar - Thekkady (approx. 110 km / 3 hours)-
After breakfast on day 7, start your road journey towards Thekkady. The journey is filled with wonderful views. Afternoon arrival in Thekkady. Check into the wildlife resort. Thekkady is home to the very popular Periyar National Park and Tiger Reserve. You can either relax while enjoying the facilities at the hotel or can go for boat safari ride inside the park. It is one of those national parks, which is opened all throughout the year. It is known to be home to around 1000 elephants and 46 tigers. Other animals found here are Indian bison, langur, wild boar and sambar. Another feature here is the Periyar Lake.

Overnight stay.

Day 8:  Thekkady – Kumarakom (approx. 130 km / 4 hours)-
Today, after breakfast, leave for the pristine and peaceful hamlet of Kumarakom. On arrival, check into the backwater resort. Known for colorful chirpy birds and backwater tourism, Kumarakom is placed on the banks of Lake Vembanad. Lush surroundings and peaceful ambiance are complete charmer, bringing-in tourists from across. Head towards Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary, also known as Vembanad bird sanctuary. This sanctuary is visited by bird watching enthusiasts and ornithologists in good numbers. It is called home by both resident migratory birds such as Siberian Stork, Cuckoo, Waterfowls, Teals, Egrets, Herons, Darters, Wild Ducks, Brahminy Kites, owls and so on.

Overnight stay.

Day 9:  Kumarakom - Cochin for departure (approx. 60 km / 2 hours)-
In the morning, start driving to Cochin. As you reach, enjoy half day sightseeing of Cochin including the St. Francis Church- the oldest European church in India that was formed in 1503, the Chinese Fishing Nets- locally known as Cheena vala, Jewish Synagogue or Paradesi Synagogue- the oldest active synagogue in the Commonwealth of Nations and lastly the Dutch Palace or the Mattancherry Palace - founded in 1568. Later, transfer to Cochin airport to board the flight to your onward destination.

