ITINERARY
Itinerary

COCHIN-MUNNAR
Upon arrival at at Cochin meeting and assistance followed by drive to Munnar and will reach by afternoon. En route, we shall witness beautiful waterfalls like Cheyyara, Valara and Attakadu along with spice plantation. Also, we will stop by Kodanadu Elephant Care Centre. Overnight stay in Munnar.


MUNNAR
After breakfast, full day sightseeing in and around Munnar. Enjoy panoramic views of Anamudi, the highest peak of South India at 2695 m, is visible from Munnar. Visit the Christ Church and proceed for wildlife watching at Eravikulam National Park (16 km).

Note: Park would be close from 01Jan to 28 Feb every year Continue to Rajamalai Hills lying adjacent to the park and stop by at Madupetty Dam, a famous picnic spot for boating and horse riding en route to Top Station. Evening transfer to hotel. Overnight at hotel.


MUNNAR - THEKKADY/PERIYAR
Breakfast at the hotel and drive to Thekkady. On arrival at Thekkady check-in at a hotel. After some rest, we will go for sightseeing tour of Periyar National Park and Mullaperiyar Dam. We shall also visit spice plantations where you will be allowed to shop for exotic spices. Night stay in the hotel at Thekkady.


THEKKADY/PERIYAR
After breakfast, we will go for boating and to watch Kerala’s martial art as well its traditional dance, Kathakali. Also, you will have the opportunity to enjoy wildlife ride, bamboo rafting, jeep safari, nature walk, jungle patrol as well as trekking. Overnight stay in the hotel in Thekkady.


THEKKADY/ALLEPPEY - KUMARAKOM
After morning breakfast, Proceed to Kumarakom. Check into a resort at the bank of the Vembanand Lake where you will forget everything except enjoyment of life. Rest of the day at leisure. Overnight at the resort.


KUMARAKOM - ALLEPPEY
Enjoy the magic of backwater by going on a Houseboat (Kettuvallam) cruise across the backwaters. Spend the next 22 hours in your floating villa. Enjoy the backwaters of Kerala by getting a glimpse of the village life at close quarters; a unique and unforgettable experience. Enjoy the sunset & stay overnight on the houseboat. Breakfast, lunch and dinner included.


ALLEPPEY TO KANYAKUMARI
After breakfast drive to Kanyakumari. Upon arrival check-in at a hotel. Later proceed for sightseeing tour of Kanyakumari and will visit Kanyakumari Beach, Sangam (Confluence of Indian Ocean, Bay of Bengal and Arabian Sea) and Vivekananda Rock. In the evening, we will watch the beautiful sunset. Overnight stay in the hotel in Kanyakumari.


KANYAKUMARI - KOVALAM
We shall wake up early to visit the sunrise in Kanyakumari. After breakfast drive to Kovalam. On arrival Kovalam check-in at a hotel. Later we shall visit the beautiful golden beaches of Kovalam like Lighthouse Beach, Howah Beach and Ashoka Beach. Overnight stay in the hotel in Kovalam.


KOVALAM -TRIVANDRUM - KOVALAM
Breakfast at the hotel and proceed to excursion for Trivandrum, where you go for sightseeing of Sree Padmanabha Swami Temple, Kuthiramalika Palace Museum, The Napier Museum, Sree Chithra Art Gallery, Zoological Park, Science & Technology Museum, Kanakakunnu Palace, Planetarium. After Trivandrum sightseeing tour, we shall return to Kovalam. Overnight stay in Kovalam.


KOVALAM - COCHIN
Breakfast at the hotel and drive back to Cochin. On arrival at cochin drop you at airport to connect flight for onward destination.


End of the Tour: -