Day 01: Delhi – Leh (Complete Rest in Leh for acclimatization)
In the morning, fly from Delhi to Leh. On arrival at Ladakh, meet our representative. Check-in to the pre-booked hotel. Take rest and be acclimatized. Visit the local market of Leh in the evening. Overnight stay in the hotel.

Day 02: Leh – Shey – Thiksey – Hemis
Today, we shall go on a sightseeing tour to some important monasteries in the area. We will be visiting Shey Gompa, which was once the summer capital of Ladakh kings; Thiksey Gompa, which is said to be one of the most beautiful structures in Ladakh and the famed Hemis Monastery belonging to Drukpa Order. Overnight stay at the guest house.

Day 03: Leh - Likir - Yangthang across Phobe La (9 kms/4 to 5 hrs.)
Post breakfast, we will drive to Likir, which is 58 kilometers away. It is the beginning point of our trek. We will trek today to cover a short distance. We will pass through two passes: Phobe La (3580 meters) and Chagatse La (3630 meters). The village of Yangthang is across the Chagatse pass. We shall camp at Yangthang for the night next to a stream.

Day 04: Yangthang - Hemis Shukpachan across Tsermangchan La (8 kms 2/3 hours)
Our trek for today will be easy, despite the fact that it involves climbing up to a pass. Both ascent and descent will be on gentle slopes. We will trek to north, dipping down a bit and then crossing a stream ascending west to Tsermangchan La (3750 meters). We will climb down to Hemis Shukpachan after crossing the pass. There are several streams bordered by shady willows and large barley fields.

Day 05: Hemis Shukpachan - Ang across Mebtak La (10 kms/ 3 hrs)
A fairly easy day trekking day as well. We will trek upward between two hillocks in the west of village located upwards until it heads south and ascends up to Mebtak La (3750 meters). This valley is marked by prayer flags. We will proceed further down the gorge to Ang from the pass. Ang is a beautiful village with apricot orchards. We will camp at Ang for overnight stay.

Day 06: Ang -Temisgam and Nurla (8 km/ 3 hrs) – Leh
On the last day of the trek, we will again go for an easy trek downhill all the way on the main road. There would be a taxi waiting at Temisgam. This taxi will take us to Leh.

Day 07: Leh – Delhi
Reach the airport to catch flight to Delhi.

Tour & Services End.