ITINERARY
Itinerary

ARRIVE DELHI
On arrival at Delhi our representative meets you at the airport and assists you till your check in process at the hotel. Stay overnight at the hotel.


DELHI
In the morning, take a sightseeing tour of Delhi. Visit Raj Ghat (the cremation site of Mahatma Gandhi) and Shanti Vana (the cremation site of Jawaharlal Nehru), Jama Masjid and drive past the Red Fort and the Chandni Chowk.

In the afternoon visit Qutub Minar (built by Qutub-ud-Din Aibek in 1199), Humayun's Tomb, India Gate (War Memorial Arch) and Lakshminarayan Temple (a modern Hindu Temple). Also drive past President's House, Parliament House, Government Secretariat Buildings and Connaught Place shopping centre. Stay overnight at the hotel.


DELHI - JAIPUR (260 KM)
Morning after breakfast drive to jaipur. Jaipur popularly known as the Pink City, built in 1727 AD by Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh II. On arrival at Jaipur, check in at pre-booked hotel. Rest of the day free at leisure. Overnight stay at hotel.


JAIPUR
After breakfast full day sightseeing of Jaipur. Explore the city with an excursion to Amber Fort, situated just outside the city, enjoy the experience of safari to and from the top of the hill on which the fort is situated. Amber Fort is the classic romantic Rajasthani Fort Palace. Afternoon sightseeing tour of famous Pink City which reminds of a glorious past and there is so much to see and enjoy here. Start with City Palace in the heart of Jaipur which is known for its blend of Rajasthani and Mughal architecture. Also visit the Central Museum, Jantar Mantar - the largest of the five observatories built by Sawai Jai Singh. The Hawa Mahal or the Palace of Winds was constructed for the royal ladies to watch the royal processions without being seen, all monuments are located in the vicinity of City Palace complex of Jaipur. Overnight stay at hotel.


JAIPUR - FATEHPUR SIKRI - AGRA (240 KM)
After breakfast proceed for Agra. Enroute sightseeing of Fatehpur Sikri, a masterpiece in sandstone with stunning elegance of its palaces & courts. Each important edifice here represents a type by itself. Notable among them is the Diwan-e-Khas; Punch Mahal, the Tomb of Salim Chishti, and the Buland Darwaza. On arrival Check into Hotel. Rest of the day is at your leisure. Overnight at the Hotel.


AGRA
Early morning visit to witness incomparable Taj Mahal with it's speculative view at the time of Sunrise (closed on Friday). Taj Mahal one of the Seven Wonders of the World and surely the most extravagant expression of love ever created. 20,000 men laboured for over 17 years to build this memorial to Shah Jahan's beloved wife. It's a wealth of white marble and semi-precious stone - undoubtedly the highlight of the tour. Later visit to Agra Fort from where one can get the most moving view of the Taj from the little octagonal tower in the Agra Fort, which lies, across the river Yamuna. Overnight at the Hotel.


AGRA - JHANSI (BY TRAIN) - ORCHHA - KHAJURAHO (174 KM)
Early Morning Transfer to Railway Station to connect Train Shatabdi Exp. for Jhansi After arrival drive to Khajuraho via visiting Orchha historical site with magnificent temples and monuments. Some of the Palaces were decorated with painted murals, which represent the finest flowering of the Bundela school of Painting. Visit Jehangir Mahal, Raj Mahal, Raj Praveen Mahal, Chaturbhuj Temple, Laxmi Narayan Temple, Orchha Palace and Panoramic view of Betwa River. Continue your drive to Khajuraho. On arrival check into hotel. Overnight at the hotel.


KHAJURAHO - VARANASI
Morning explore Khajuraho, is worldly known for its magnificent temples of erotica built between 950 A.D. and 1050 A.D. Khajuraho - is world heritage town, the temples are scattered in an area of 8 sq km. After relaxation take a sightseeing tour of Western group of Temples consisting of the massive Laxman Temple dedicated to lord Vishnu, the Laxmi and Varaha temples dedicated to Vishnu's consort Laxman, the Kandariya Mahadev temple dedicated to Lord Shiva and the Chausath Yogini temple dedicated to goddess Kali. Also visit Archaeological museum with its collection of stone sculptures of the Chandela dynasty. Evening on time transfer to the railway station to board the overnight train to Varanasi. Overnight on board.


VARANASI
Arrive at Varanasi in morning. Pickup from railway station and transfer to hotel. Later in afternoon sightseeing tour of Varanasi. Visit to Banaras Hindu University - probably the largest residential university in Asia, in the university visit Bharat Kala Museum. Later proceed on a tour of the temples of Varanasi visiting the Golden Temple dedicated to lord Shiva, the Durga temple dedicated to goddess Durga. Interestingly the Durga Temple is also known as the Monkey Temple due to the large number of monkeys found in the Temple premises. In evening enjoy boat ride on the Ganges when it is full of pilgrims is an amazing place to witness the living traditions of one of the world's oldest and most important religions. While on the boat you may also see the cremation ceremonies of dead bodies as per Hindu Rituals. Overnight stay at the Hotel.


VARANASI - DELHI
After breakfast excursion tour to Sarnath - 10 kms from Varanasi. It was here Buddha preached his first discourse in the deer park to set in motion the 'Wheel of the Dharma'. It is one of the most holy sites as in this place the stream of the Buddha's teaching first flowed. Afternoon transfer to airport to connect flight for Delhi.

Upon arrival at Delhi meeting and assistance followed by transfer to hotel. Overnight stay at hotel.


DELHI DEPART
Breakfast at the hotel and transfer to international airport to connect flight for onward destination.