Itinerary Details
Day 01: Delhi (Arrival) -
Arrive in Delhi followed by assisted transfer to the hotel by our tour representative. Stay overnight at the hotel in Delhi.

Day 02: Delhi-
In the morning, embark on a sightseeing tour of Delhi. The places you will visit here include India Gate, Parliament House, Laxmi Narayan Temple and the Swaminarayan Akshardham temple. After having lunch, in the afternoon, go out to explore India Gate, Qutab Minar Complex and Chhatarpur Temple (a Durga temple exhibiting the traits of south Indian and North Indian architecture).  Stay overnight in the hotel.

Day 03 : Delhi - Haridwar By Train - Haridwar - Rishikesh-
In the morning, drive to the New Delhi Railway Station to board the train to Haridwar. After de-boarding the train at Haridwar Railway Station, meet the IHPL representative and visit the Har-ki-Pauri and other famous temples in Haridwar. Thereafter, drive to Rishikesh. On reaching, check into the hotel. In the evening, partake in the evening Aarti ceremony. Stay overnight in Rishikesh.

Day 04 : Rishikesh - Haridwar - Varanasi by Overnight train-
Timely transfer to the Haridwar Railway Station to board the train to Varanasi. Overnight journey on board the train.

Day 05 : Varanasi (Arrival) -
Early morning, arrive in Varanasi followed by assisted transfer to the hotel by our tour representative. The day is free to do things at your own will. Stay overnight in the hotel.

Day 06 : Varanasi-
In the morning, go out for a boat cruise on the holy river Ganges. Later, return back to the hotel for breakfast. Post breakfast, take a road trip to Sarnath, the ancient Buddhist town.

The places you will explore here include the Stupa, Buddhist Temple and the Museum.

The afternoon is booked for the sightseeing tour of Varanasi. Here you will visit the Bharat Mata Temple, Durga Temple, Aurangzeb mosque and Benares Hindu University. Stay overnight in the hotel.

Day 07 : Varanasi - Agra - By Train-
The morning is free to do activities of your own choice. In the afternoon, drive to the Varanasi Railway Station to board the train to Agra.

Day 08 : Agra (Arrival) -
Early morning arrival in Agra. Upon arrival, you will be transferred to the hotel by our representative. Thereafter, go out on a sightseeing tour of Agra.

The places you will visit include Agra Fort, Itmad-Ud-Daulah tomb (commissioned by Empress Noor Jehan in the memory of his father) and Taj Mahal (Recognized as one of the ‘Seven Wonders of the World’, Taj Mahal is the most breathtaking monument in the history of Mughal architecture). Stay overnight in the hotel.

Day 09 : Agra - Mathura - Delhi-
In the morning, leave by road for Delhi via Mathura. On reaching Delhi, explore the markets of Chandani Chowk and Connaught Place. After having dinner at a famous City Restaurant and drive to the international airport to board flight for onward journey. 