ITINERARY
Itinerary

ARRIVE MUMBAI
Arrive Mumbai airport. On arrival, the guest will be met by our representative and transferred to hotel. Upon arrival at hotel the guests will be provided with the traditional Indian welcome. Overnight stay at hotel.


MUMBAI
Morning, one hour boat ride across Mumbai Harbour brings you to the lush green Elephanta Island. Here, visit some of the huge and intricately carved Elephanta Caves that date back to the 8th century. For rows of massive columns cut into solid rock from three magnificent avenues, lead to the outstanding three-headed sculpture representing Brahma the Creator, Vishnu the Preserver and Shiva the Destroyer. Dedicated to Shiva, the beauty and power of these phenomenal sculptures depicting the various manifestations of Shiva is overpowering.

Afternoon, City tour of Mumbai - the great port city with its Victorian Gothic buildings from the British Raj Era mingling with the modern. The tour includes 'Gateway of India' overlooking the Harbour, the 'Towers of Silence', 'Marine Drive', the 'Colaba Causeway' - the commercial heart of Mumbai and the Dhobi Ghat, the unique and colourful outdoor 'laundry'. Drive up to the Malabar Hill to the lovely 'Hanging Gardens' and the Kamla Nehru Park from where you will get a wonderful view of Mumbai and the Arabian Sea, spread out before you. Also, visit Mani Bhawan, a small museum dedicated to the life and works of Mahatma Gandhi, and the bustling Crawford Market. Overnight at hotel.


MUMBAI - COCHIN - THEKKADY/PERIYAR
Morning transfer to the airport to connect flight to Cochin. Upon arrival meeting and assistance followed by drive to Thekkady/Periyar. Upon arrival at Thekkady/Periyar check-in at hotel. Periyar - Sprawling across 777 sq. kms. of the Cardamom Hills of the Western Ghats, Thekkady is the home to one of the largest wildlife reserves in India. Alive with exotic flora and vibrant wildlife, it is the perfect getaway tucked away among hills. Overnight stay at wildlife Resort.


THEKKADY/PERIYAR - KUMARAKOM
Early morning boat cruise on the Lake of the famous Periyar wildlife sanctuary to see wildlife. Periyar - an artificial lake or reservoir created by a dam on Periyar River is the heart of the Wildlife Sanctuary wild elephants, Asiatic Deer, Black Buck and even Tigers come to shores of the lake for a drink. Return to hotel for breakfast. After breakfast drive through the winding "Ghats" lined with prosperous tea plantations & then arrive the fascinating countryside of low-lying palms and paddy fields to Kumarakom enroute visit the tea estates. Kumarakom - is a beautiful backwater village on the shores of the enchanting Vembanad Lake, criss crossed with meandering waterways and ancient cottages. Relax at the waterfront, with the occasional native row boat gliding silently by, and the air so calm, you can reach out and touch the sky with your fingertips. Overnight at hotel.


KUMARAKOM - ALLEPPEY
Enjoy the magic of backwater by going on a Houseboat (Kettuvallam) cruise across the backwaters. Spend the next 22 hours in your floating villa. Enjoy the backwaters of Kerala by getting a glimpse of the village life at close quarters; a unique and unforgettable experience. Enjoy the sunset & stay overnight on the houseboat. Breakfast, lunch and dinner included.


ALLEPPEY - MARARI
Breakfast on board, Sail to Alleppey & disembark at Puthenangady Jetty. On arrival proceed directly to Mararikulam. Mararikulam - is one of the picturesque fishing villages that dot the lovely coast line of Kerala. This private, shallow beach is fringed with unending lines of coconut palms. Rest of the day at leisure for own activities and enjoy the facilities of the hotel. Overnight at hotel.


MARARI
Full day at leisure for own activities and enjoy the facilities of the Resort.


MARARI
Full day at leisure for own activities and enjoy the facilities of the Resort. Overnight at hotel.


MARARI - COCHIN
Breakfast at the hotel and drive to cochin, "Cochin" Popularly known as the Queen of the Arabian Sea, Cochin is the oldest European settlement in India. Frilled with backwaters and rich with old world charm, this city has lured many a great voyager to its shores. Arrive Cochin & check into hotel Tour of Cochin or "Kochi"- the palm green, commercial capital of Kerala is known as the "Queen of the Arabian Sea". From time, immemorial, Arabic, Chinese, Dutch, British & Portuguese seafarers followed the sea route to Kochi & left their impression on the town. Modern Kochi is thus a splendid mosaic of these myriad influences. Visit the Dutch Palace, the Jewish Synagogue, the Church of St. Francis, the Bolghatty Palace & the famous Chinese fishing nets. Afternoon, Harbour cruise - Cochin has one of the finest natural harbours. The backwaters extending to the east & south from the harbour are dotted with tiny islands, formed naturally by alluvial deposits from the rivers. Evening witness the Kathakali dance performance + make up demonstration - Kathakali is a unique dance which has a 2000-year-old history with more than 100 different 'mudras' or gesture depicting deities, demons, heroes, heroines and kings - each based on episodes from the Mahabharata and Ramayana, the two epic Indian myths. Dinner and overnight at hotel.


COCHIN - MUMBAI
Breakfast at the hotel and transfer to airport to connect flight for Mumbai.

Upon arrival at Mumbai meeting and assistance followed by transfer to hotel. Overnight stay at hotel.


MUMBAI DEPARTURE
Breakfast at the hotel and transfer to international airport to connect flight for onward destination.


End of the Tour: -