Itinerary Details
Day 1 Arrival in Goa-
After arriving at the Goa airport, get in touch with our representative who will assist you with a smooth transfer to the resort. The evening is dedicated to enjoying beach activities and spending the evening at your own leisure. This is followed by an overnight stay.

Day 2 Sightseeing in North Goa-
Enjoy a hearty breakfast on the second day and then begin your drive towards North Goa.

Anjuna Beach– This beach is characterized by jagged laterite boulders and bewitching red cliffs which overlook the sandy shoreline with the waves pounding them repeatedly. The relaxed vibe of the locals here, combined with the electric vibe in the air, is sure to win your heart. The beach also offers tremendous options for exciting activities such as parasailing, yachting and windsurfing, which can be enjoyed on a direct payment basis.

Fort Aguada, Goa– Albeit Fort Aguada presently serves as the Central Jail, it has witnessed numerous historical battles and episodes which have directly impacted the fort itself. Built in 1609-12, it's the largest and the best preserved bastion in Goa. It was built with the intention of protecting Old Goa from external enemy attacks. You can also enjoy water sports at Baga / Calangute Beach.

Then there is the Vagator Beach, which boasts a lovely silver sandy stretch with enormous red cliffs overlooking it. One can also find two fresh bubbling springs in close proximity to the shore that appear quite enchanting.

In Mapusa, the visitors can select from a wide range of sightseeing options from bustling bazaars to historical forts that are visually appealing, besides being great historical attractions.

In the Mapusa Bazaar, one can experience the sights and sounds of a rural bazaar while getting hold of some authentic Goan ware. The entire town comes alive with the enthusiastic calls of vendors showcasing their goods, with the dusty pavements lined with colorful stacks of fresh fruit and spices.

Located in close proximity to Mapusa about 12km from Panaji is the Shri Bodgeshwar Temple. The temple, located in a lush green environment, is home to a small shrine dedicated to Kanakeshwar Baba or Bodgeshwar, locally known as Bongini.

Bodgeshwar, who is also known as "Angavani", stands for the one in whose name vows are made and who fulfills the desires of the devotees. The people here hold a belief that all their prayers and wishes will be fulfilled. This is also the reason why thousands of devotees are attracted to this temple. Return to the resort for an overnight stay.

Day 3 Sightseeing in South Goa-
Enjoy your breakfast, and then proceed towards South Goa for sightseeing.

Se Cathedral Church: This religious shrine, which is one of the most ancient and famous buildings in all of Goa, is dedicated to St. Catherine of Alexandria. Commissioned in the year 1631, the construction of this building took more than 62 years.

Basilica de Bom Jesus: Constructed in 1605, the Basilica is one of the foremost attractions of Goa. It's famous for containing the tomb and mortal remains of St. Francis Xavier, who is believed to be one of the patron saints of Goa by the Catholics. Constructed in Portuguese style, the basilica is eminent for its architecture.

Palolem Beach is where you let go all your worries and accumulated stress and simply have a great time. The greatest attraction of this beach is its raw preserved beauty. This beach is inhabited by local fishermen and foreign tourists who stay in shacks along the shore or in the main village itself. Also known as the Paradise Beach of India, this beach is visited by tourists throughout the year and includes both domestic and international travelers.

Panjim Bazar: The River Mandovi, after travelling the length and breadth of Goa, makes its way to the Arabian Sea, thus presenting an enchanting sight. One can view this spectacular sight from the Miramar Beach, which provides splendid views. Return to the hotel followed by an overnight stay.

Day 4 Excursion to Dudhsagar Waterfalls-
After enjoying a hearty breakfast, visit the Dudhsagar Waterfalls, which is regarded as one of the most beautiful waterfalls of Goa and is situated on the eastern border with Karnataka.

Falling from a height of 320m, it's regarded among one of the tallest waterfalls of India. The water, as its plummets, creates a foamy milk. This is also why the waterfall is known as Dudhsagar, which means, "sea of milk".

You start your day by driving across the state of Goa and passing through small villages, past bright paddy fields and swaying palm trees. Drive your way to Collem to board the safari van / safari jeep to take you to the waterfalls. A short walk in the forest leads you to the base of the waterfalls. You could enjoying a swim in the cool waters of the pond as well as under the cascading falls. Rest under the shade of the trees and observe the monkeys prancing around.

Post lunch, experience the thrills of an elephant ride. Feed the elephant and capture some memorable memories with him by clicking a photo with him (it should be noted that this is not included in your tour and is payable at the site itself, along with the safari charges). Visit the Mahavir Wildlife Sanctuary later. Return back to the hotel for an overnight stay.

Day 5 - 6 Discover Goa at your complete Leisure (no transport)-
Enjoy two days at your own leisure and indulge in activities of your choice.

Explore the various amenities offered by the resort. Enjoy an evening of fun and frolic along the sea coast along with the mouthwatering cuisines of Goa and cocktails. This is followed by an overnight stay.

Day 7 Goa Departure-
Enjoy your breakfast and check out of the hotel. Drive to the airport to board the flight back home.

