Itinerary Details
Day 01: Arrival in Kathmandu (1300 m)-
After arriving at the Kathmandu airport, meet our tour representative who helps you with an assisted transfer to the hotel. Complete the check-in formalities and relax. The evening is scheduled for program briefing. Dinner and overnight stay.

Day 02: Kathmandu - Syabrubeshi (3700 m – 140 km) -
On the 2nd day of the tour, the revered Yatra begins very early in the morning. Carry packed breakfast and leave from Kathmandu in reserved tourist coach. Drive past Galchhi, and then you reach Syabrubeshi, which is located near China border. On arrival, check-in. Overnight stay at the hotel.

Day 03: Syabrubeshi - Kerung (43 km)-
Start driving from Syabrubeshi to China boarder. The distance is around 17 km. Once you reach the border, our representative is going to fulfill all the custom formalities. Now, you check- into Tibet, which is an autonomous part of China. From here, you drive to Kerung, which is 26 km away. Stay overnight at the Guest House.

Day 04: Kerung -
As the altitudes are now rising every day, the day is for acclimatization so that your body gets used to high altitudes. You are free for excursion of Kerung city. Explore the surroundings on your own. Overnight stay.

Day 05: Kerung to Saga - Dongba (4500 m – 375 km)-
Post breakfast on day 5, start driving from Kerung to Saga/Dongba. Stay overnight at Guesthouse.

Day 06: Saga - Dongba (4500 mts. - 335kms) - Mansarovar-
Have an early morning breakfast. Later on, at 07:00 AM, start driving from Dongba towards Mansarovar. You Mansarovar Parikrama will be done in a vehicle. Savor the wonderful views and let the cool air brush past your face. This day is scheduled for the first day stay at the banks of the Manasarovar Lake. Check into a guesthouse for an overnight stay.

Day 07: Mansarovar - Darchen (4600 m – 110 km)-
During the course of Mansarovar Yatra, today, you arrive at the important point where you take a dip into the holy waters of Mansarovar Lake to atone all your sins. Conduct hawan, pooja and other rituals as per your tradition. The surroundings are filled with tranquility and abundant Himalayan beauty.

After the spiritual activities, now it's time to drive to Darchen, which is around two and a half hours' drive away. On arriving in Darchen. Check-into a guesthouse for an overnight stay. You can also opt for Astapad excursion (at extra cost). It is said that Mount Kailash is encircled by 8 smaller mountains that appear to be in the shape of a lotus flower. Astapad means eight steps. You can opt for this small holy excursion as a part of the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra.

Day 08: Darchen - Diraphuk (4890 m – 12 km) -
Day 8 is going to be the first day of Kailash Parikrama. Have an early morning breakfast and start the yatra as early as possible. Today, you drive up to Yumdwari, the base from your start walking, continuously for around 6 - 7 hours. If you do not wish to cover the journey on-foot or if your physical condition does not allows, you can also hire a horse (at an extra cost). Yak is go carry the kitchen utensils and other equipment. As you reach Diraphuk, you have an overnight stay at mud house or tent on the basis of availability.

Day 09: Diraphuk - Zhulthulphuk (4790 m – 22 km)-
The Kailash mansarovar yatra trek today is a difficult one where you walk pass Dolma-La Pass that lies at an altitude of 5400 m. The trek is said to be difficult as the pass is known to have unpredictable weather as any time there can be a snowstorm. The trek should start as early as possible in the morning. On the way, halt at Gaurikund for darshan. Continue the trek till you arrive at Zhulthulphuk. This sit has tents and mud houses for overnight stay.

Day 10: Zhulthulphuk - Saga - Dongba -
Later our tour starts back for Kathmandu following the same route and same system applies for all subjects of our accommodation and meal Overnight stay at guesthouse.

Day 11: Saga - Dongba - Kerung -
Drive back to Kerung, which is the last stay in Tibet part.

Day 12: Kerung - Kathmandu -
After custom formalities we will be picked up by Nepal side and continue drive to Kathmandu and check in at Hotel.

Day 13: Kathmandu-
Early morning optional Himalayan mountain flight tour. After breakfast start to Kathmandu sightseeing including Pashupatinath and Budha Nikanth Darshan, back to hotel and rest of the day is free for shopping and packing, overnight stay in Kathmandu.

Day 14: Departure-
In the morning, check- out from the hotel. Get transferred to the airport to board the flight for your onward journey.

