Itinerary Details
Day 1: Arrival in Jamnagar - Drive to Dwarka (150 km) -
As you arrive in Jamnagar, begin your road journey to Dwaraka, one of India’s seven ancient towns. It is also one of the highly revered Chardham destinations. On reaching, check-into the hotel. Later afternoon, partake in sightseeing.

In the evening, Arti and Darshan at the very well-known Dwarkadhish Temple. This 5-storied temple is around 1400 years old and is dedicated to Lord Krishna. Dinner and Night stay.

Day 2: Dwarka - Somnath (215 km-4-5 hrs)-
Day 2 begin early. Visit the Dwarkadhish temple again, also known as Jagat temple. Famed for its elaborate carvings, the temple is built of sandstone.

Start your day with an early morning visit to Dwarkadhish Temple. The temple is also known as Jagat temple. Constructed of sandstone, this temple contains elaborate carvings.

After Darshan, proceed for breakfast. Thereafter, continue with sightseeing. Visit Bhet Dwarka or Beyt Dwarka- dating back to the 19th century, the temple has several images of Lord Krishna and his 56 consorts. On the way, attend Abhishek of Nageshwar Jyotirlinga and visit Rukmani temple.

After the city tour, proceed for lunch, followed by drive to Somnath. On reaching, check-in at the hotel. Evening visit to famed Somnath temple for Arti and Darshan. A Jyotirlinga, it is known for its religious importance, wealth and splendid architecture. After dinner, overnight stay in Somnath.

Day 3: Somnath – Diu (by car) - Mumbai (by flight) – Trimbakeshwar (by car-4 hrs)-
On the 3rd day of the tour, make an early morning visit to the beautiful Somnath temple for the Abhishekam ceremony. Post breakfast, get transferred by road to Diu Airport to board the flight to Mumbai. On reaching the Mumbai airport, by road start your journey to Trimbakeshwar Jyotirlinga in Nashik. In the evening, Arti and darshan at the Trimbakeshwar temple. Dinner and stay overnight.

Day 4:Trimbakeshwar - Nasik - Bhimashankar - Shani Shingnapur - Shirdi-
Today, attended an early morning Abhishekam ceremony at the Triambakeshar temple. Later on have your breakfast and continue your journey to another Jyotirlinga- Bhimashankar Temple. This journey is of 6 hours.

After Pooja and Darshan, hit the road to Shirdi via Shani Shignapur. Shani Shignapur is dedicated to Lord Shani. Later, continue your journey to Shirdi, the abode of Sai Baba. In the evening, visit Sai Baba Samadhi temple for VIP Darshan. Dinner and Night stay Shirdi.

Day 5: Shirdi - Aurangabad (by car) (Ghrisneshwar)-
On day 5, visit Sai Baba Samadhi temple for an early morning Kankad Arti. After attending the Arti, get your breakfast packed as you begin your drive to Aurangabad. Here, visit your next Jyorirlinga, Ghrisneshwar Mahadev and have darshan. Stay overnight at Aurangabad

Day 6: Aurangabad- Indore (by flight via Mumbai) – Ujjain (by road)-
In the morning, move to the Aurangabad airport to get on-board a flight to Indore. On arriving in Indore, continue your road journey to Ujjain. Here, you have darshan at the Mahakaleshwar Jyotirlinga.

Later, visit the other religious sites of the area, Aadi Shakti temple and Bhairav Nath Temple. After completing the check-in formalities have an overnight stay in Ujjain.

Day 7: Ujjain- Omkareshwar-
After breakfast on the 7th day of the tour, hit the road to Omkareshwar, which is around 4 hrs away. In the evening, have darshan of the Omkareshwar Jyotirlinga and attend Aarti. Dinner and overnight stay in Omkareshwar.

Day 8: Omkareshwar –Maheshwar-
Start your day by attending an early morning Abhishekam ceremony at Omkareshwar Jyotirlinga. After seeking blessings of the Lord, have breakfast and then continue your road journey to Maheshwar Jyotirlinga. On arrival, check in at the hotel.

In the evening, visit to the Maheshwar Temple. Attend the pre-booked Bhasm Arti at the time of Darshan. Stay overnight.

Day 9: Maheswar- Indore (by flight) - Hyedarabad -
Today, attend an early morning Abhishekam at Maheswar Jyotirlinga. Post breakfast, drive to the Indore airport to catch a flight for Hyderabad. On arrival, drive to Srisailam, a serene holy town. Check in at the hotel for overnight stay.

Day 10: Mallikarjun (270 km - 5 hrs) - Hyderabad- Madurai (by Flight) – Rameswarm (165 km)-
Today, have an early morning visit to Mallikarjun Jyotirlinga for darshan. Back to the hotel for breakfast. Thereafter, in-time transfer to the Hyderabad airport from where you board the flight to Madurai. After landing in Madurai, visit the very popular Meenakshi Amman Temple- a wonderful architectural gem. After drashan, hit the road to Rameshwaram, one of the Char Dham destinations. The time taken is around 4 hours. On arrival, check-into a hotel. Dinner and Overnight stay.

Day 11: Rameshwaram – Madurai (4 hours) – Delhi- Haridwar-
Leave your hotel room at around 4:00 AM for Mani Darshan, Samudra Snan, Kund snan and Abhishekam at Rameshwarm temple. This religious visit is followed by breakfast at the Hotel. Later on, return to Madurai. From Madurai airport catch a flight for India’s capital city, Delhi. As you reach Delhi, your road journey Haridwar begins. On arriving at the holy city of Haridwar, check-into the hotel for an overnight stay.

Day 12:Haridwar – Guptkashi (205 Km / 7 to 8 hrs)-
On day 11, after breakfast, fulfill the check- out formalities and hit the road to Guptkashi. Upon arrival, check-in at a hotel or a guesthouse. The rest of the day is at leisure and you can explore this religious town on your own. This place is dotted with a number of temples such as Vishwanath temple, Ardhnareshwar temple, Manikaran Kund etc.that are worth-visiting. Guptkashi lies on the western banks of River Mandakini. Dinner and Overnight stay in Guptkashi.

Day 13: Guptkashi – Phata - Kedarnath – Phata - Guptkashi (By Helicopter)-
Get an early morning road transfer to Phata Helipad for boarding a Helicopter to Kedarnath, one of the Char Dham destinations as well as Jyotirlinga. At the Kedarnath temple, spend 1-2 Hours in darshan.

As you reach Kedarnath, get priority darshan tickets upon arrival, only available for Helicopter passengers. The temple was constructed by the Pandava brothers of the great Hindu epic, Mahabharta and later revived by Adi Sankaracharya. Back to Phata, by Helicopter. From the Helipad, get into the vehicle for going back to the hotel. Dinner and Overnight at the Hotel.

Day 14: Guptkashi – Joshimath – Badrinath (190 Km - 7 to 8 hours)-
On day 13, check- out of the Guptkashi hotel at around 08:00 am. Hit the road to Badrinath via Joshimath. Drive past some splendid Ghats and reach Badrinath, another Char Dham destination. On arrival, check- in at the hotel. Get some rest for a while and enjoy some refreshments. Evening visit for drashan at the Badrinath Temple, dedicated to Lord Badrni (Vishnu).

Before visiting the temple, visit the other holy site of the Tapt Kund or the Hot Spring. Take bath here followed by temple visit. Shri Badrinath Ji temple is 15 meters in height and is erected in the form of a cone with a small cupola of a gilt bull as well as spire. Return to the hotel. Dinner and Overnight stay in Badrinath.

Day 15: Badrinath – Joshimath – Rudraprayag (165 Km / 5 to 6 hrs)-
In the morning, re-visit the Badrinath temple for an early morning darshan. Thereafter, return to the hotel for breakfast. This is followed by sightseeing in Badrinath, including Mana Village- this village is inhabited by an Indo-Mongolian tribe; Vyas Gufa and Ganesh Gufa-popular for being the sites where the Hindu epic of Mahabharata was written and Mata Murti temple- this temple is dedicated to mother of Nar and Narayan.

In the afternoon, drive to to Rudraprayag via Karanprayag. The tiny holy town of Rudraprayag is placed on the holy meeting point of River Alaknanda and River Mandakini. On arrival check in at hotel. Rest of the day free to explore the Rudraprayag town. Dinner and Overnight stay at hotel.

Day 16: Rudraprayag – Rishikesh – Haridwar (160 Km - 5 to 6 hours)-
Have an early morning breakfast and begin the descending drive to Rishikesh- a serene spiritual city, known as the ‘Yoga capital of the world’. After reaching, begin the city tour of Rishikesh including the very popular Ram Jhula and Laxman Jhula. Later afternoon journey to Haridwar.

On arrival, complete the check- in formalities. The evening is scheduled for a visit to the very popular Har Ki Pauri to attend the evening Ganga Aarti on the banks of holy River Ganges. One of the best experiences here, adore the sight of burning diyas falling in the flowing river water.

Later, get transferred to the Haridwar Railway Station to board a train to Varanasi. Overnight train.

Day 17: Varanasi-
On day 17, arrival in Varanasi, one of the most popular spiritual cities of India. As you reach, check-into the hotel. Located on the banks of Ganga River, the city is dotted with over 2000 temples. The evening is scheduled for the breathtaking site of Ganga Arti, a major attraction here, attended by devotees as well as tourists in huge number. Stay overnight in Varanasi.

Day 18: Varanasi Departure-
After breakfast on the last day of the tour, check- out from the hotel. Get on-time transfer to the Varanasi Railway Station/Airport to board a train/flight for your onward journey.

