ITINERARY


DELHI - CORBETT NATIONAL PARK
Drive to Corbett National Park in the morning and on arrival, you can check-in at a wildlife resort. You can spend the first day at ease, so you can observe the surroundings and local flora and fauna. Later, you can spend an overnight at the resort.


JUNGLE JEEP SAFARI-CORBETT
Wake up early in the morning for a drive to the Bijrani Zone to observe the wildlife followed by breakfast at the Bijrani FRH. After breakfast you will be taken for a hike across the Bijrani Nature Trail. Lunch at the Bijrani FRH will be served and in the evening you will be taken for a jeep safari in the Bijrani range. In the evening, you will be returned to the resort and dinner will be served with an overnight stay at the wildlife resort.


DHIKALA JUNGLE SAFARI & NIGHT STAY IN DHIKALA FOREST LODGE
Early morning after breakfast you can depart for the Dhikala Forest Rest House entering through the Dhangari Gate. On the way you can witness the Gharial Pool and you can also visit the Champion Road and High Bank, both of these are wonderful observation points on the Ramganga River. After reaching Dhikala, lunch will be served and after that you will be taken for a safari to the Dhikala Chaur (Grasslands) to witness innumerable species of birds and mammals found in the area. Later, you will be returned to the resort and can also watch a wildlife movie. Dinner will be followed by an overnight stay at Dhikala Forest Lodge.


DHIKALA JEEP SAFARI & NIGHT STAY IN DHIKHALA FOREST LODGE
The entire day you will be surrounded by activities related to wildlife sighting and birding at Dhikala. After waking up early in the morning you will be taken for a jeep safari in the neighboring forest. Later, breakfast will be provided at the rest house followed by nature hiking on a nearby observation tower. Post lunch you will be taken to explore the area enclosing Ramganga River and dinner will be served in the evening; overnight stay at Dhikala forest Lodge.


CORBETT NATIONAL PARK
In the morning you will be driven to Ramsigh Road in Dhikala Zone which is considered to be the best place to see tigers. Later, you will return to the lodge for breakfast. Dinner and overnight stay at wildlife resort.


JHIRNA JUNGLE SAFARI
In the morning of day 6, you will be driven to the Jhirna zone to observe the wildlife of the area followed by breakfast at the Jhirna FRH. After breakfast you can go for hiking along the Jhirna Nature Trail and return for lunch at the Jhirna FRH. You will be taken for an evening drive in the Jhirna Zone followed by dinner and overnight stay at the resort.


CORBETT NATIONAL PARK – DELHI
You can wake up at ease on day 7 and head for a breakfast at the resort, after you will be driven back to Delhi.