Day 01: Delhi (Arrival)

On arrival at the Delhi airport, meet our tour representative who will be there for your welcome. After a warm welcome at the airport, he will transfer you to your already booked hotel in Delhi. Check in at the hotel and enjoy a comfy overnight stay.

Day 02: Sightseeing Tour of Delhi
In the morning post breakfast, get ready and leave for the sightseeing tour of Delhi and explore the jewels of the Capital of India. We will start our day with Old Delhi and pay a visit to places including Red Fort, Jama Masjid and Raj Ghat. Afterwards, we will head towards the other major attractions of the city and visit India Gate, Parliament House, Rashtrapati Bhawan, Humayun's Tomb and Qutub Minar. Later in the late evening we will return back to the hotel for a relaxing overnight stay.

Day 03: Delhi - Bhopal

Today after having delicious breakfast at the hotel, we will check out and leave for New Delhi Railway Station to board train to Bhopal. On reaching Bhopal railway station, meet our representative who will be there to pick you and transfer you to your already booked hotel. Check in at the hotel and rest for some time. Thereafter, be ready to explore the delights of Bhopal. List of places that we include in local sightseeing tour of Bhopal comprise of Birla Temple, Bhopal Bharat Museum, Taj-UL-Masjid and Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya. After exploring these places of great interest, we will return back to the hotel for an overnight stay.

Day 04: Bhopal

After breakfast in the morning, we will leave for a day out at Sanchi and Bhimbetka. Sanchi is one of the popular pilgrimage destinations for Buddhists in India. At Sanchi, we will witness enormous stupas and museum that grab attention of tourists from around the world. Thereafter, we will head to Bhimbetka rock caves, which are acknowledged for its magnificent sketches and paintings dating back to the pre-historic times. Witnessing that ancient sketches and paintings will be indeed a pleasure as it will take you back to an old era that cannot be otherwise witnessed in today modern world. After exploring these two places we will return back to the hotel to relax and enjoy an overnight stay.

Day 05: Bhopal - Ujjain - Indore

Today, we will check out from the hotel in the morning after breakfast and head to Indore by road. En-route, we will stop in Ujjain and visit some of its famous temples such as Kaliadeh Palace, Bade Ganeshji Ka Mandir, Gopal Mandir, Kal Bhairava, Navagarha Mandir and Mahakaleshwar Temple and dip in the spritualtiy to get peace to our soul, mind and body. Thereafter, we will continue our journey to Indore. On arrival, check in at the hotel for a stress bursting overnight stay.

Day 06: Indore - Mandu
In the morning post breakfast, we will check out from our hotel in Indore and drive to Mandu. On reaching, check in at your already booked hotel in Mandu with the help of our tour representative who will be there to greet you. Thereafter, leave for the sightseeing tour of Mandu and explore some of its major attractions that are worth visiting. Some of the places we will be adding on to our day itinerary include Jahaz Mahal (Ship Palace), Hoshang's Tomb, the Rupmati's Pavilion, Ashrafi Mahal and Hindola Mahal (Swing Palace). Afterwards, we will head back to our hotel for an overnight stay.

Day 07: Mandu - Maheshwar
Today post breakfast in the morning, we will leave Mandu and drive to Maheshwar. En-route, we will stop for sightseeing of Omkareshwar, a famous pilgrim center and house one of the 12 jyotirlingas of Lord Shiva. In Omkareshwar, we will be visiting the prominent Omkar Mandhata Temple. Afterwards, we will continue our journey to Maheshwar. Situated on the banks of Narmada river, Maheshwar is a renowned temple town that is visited by pilgrims from across the globe. It was the capital of the Malwa during the Maratha Holkar supremacy till 1818, when the capital was shifted by Malhar Rao Holkar III to Indore. On reaching Maheshwar, check in at the hotel. After fresh-n-up get ready to explore the amazing forts and temples of Maheshwar. Overnight stay at hotel.

Day 08: Maheshwar - Indore
On the last day of our tour, we will have breakfast in the morning and leave for Indore En-route, we will stop for sightseeing of Omkareshwar, a famous pilgrim center and house one of the 12 jyotirlingas of Lord Shiva. In Omkareshwar, we will be visiting the prominent Omkar Mandhata Temple. Afterwards, we will continue our journey to Indore Airport to connect the flight for Delhi. On reaching Delhi, you will be directly transferred to the IGI Airport to board the flight for onward destination.

Tour & services Ends.