Itinerary Details
Day 1: Delhi – Haridwar (230 Km / 6 to 7 hrs)-
Arrive New Delhi and an IHPL representative shall assist you on the drive to Haridwar. On arrival at Haridwar, check in to your hotel. In the evening, proceed to Har Ki Pauri. The ghat on the banks of Ganges is perfect to enjoy Ganga Aarti.

Return back to hotel for dinner and overnight stay.

Day 2: Haridwar – Uttarkashi (192 Km/ 7 to 8 hrs Journey)-
After breakfast check out from the Haridwar hotel and drive to Uttarkashi. On arrival check in into the hotel.

Uttarkashi is situated on the banks of river Bhagirathi. The town is famous for its historical monuments, Temples and Ashrams. In the evening, visit the famous Vishwanath Temple. Ardhnareshwar temple is also a revered site. Dinner and Overnight stay at Uttarkashi.

Day 3: Uttarkashi – Gangotri – Uttarkashi (100 Km / 3 to 4 hrs)-
Start the day with an early morning breakfast at hotel, drive to Gangotri. Gangotri is nestled in the wonderful Garhwal Himalayas, at an altitude of 3048 m. River Bhagirathi is the name of River Ganga at its origin. Pilgrims take a holy dip in the sacred waters before visiting the Gangotri Temple. It is close to the popular spot where it is believed that the holy river came on earth after King Bhagirathi worshipped Lord Shiva. Get blessings from River Goddess.

After performing Pooja, in the laate afternoon drive back to Uttarkashi. Dinner & Overnight stay at your hotel.

Day 4: Uttarkashi – Guptkashi (240 Km / 9 to 10 hrs)-
After an early breakfast, check-out of the hotel and hit the road to Guptkashi, a holy town on an above sea level of 1319 meters.

After completing the check-in formalities, you are free to explore the place on your own. Make sure that you get your Biometric done before Kedarnath Yatra. After dinner have an overnight stay.

Day 5: Guptkashi – Sonprayag – Kedarnath (30 Km + 20 Km trek)-
After a healthy breakfast at the hotel, begin driving towards Sonprayag, your base destinations for Kedarnath trek. The mountain abode of Lord Shiva can be reached after a 20 km trek. One of the 12 Jyotirlingas of Lord Shiva, it is spiritual centre for pilgrims. For your convenience, hire either a Palki/Palanquin ride or a horse ride at your own cost.

This trek route is popular for picturesque locations. The mountains are often covered in thick mists. On clearing up one can see the breathtaking scenery of Uttarakhand. Chants of “Jai Bholenath” are heard from the pilgrim on the spiritual journey. Mandakini, one of the main tributaries of the Ganges originating at Kedarnath is en-route.

On arrival at Kedarnath, check in at Govt. Camps/Lodges. Dinner and Overnight at Govt. Camps/Hotels.

Day 6: Kedarnath – Sonprayag – Rudraprayag / Guptkashi (20 Km trek + 30 Km drive)-
Today you have to get up before dawn. After taking bath, get ready and reach the temple by 4:45 am. The temple opens up for the 'Abhishek’ to Kedarnath Shiva. The Garbha Griha where the idol is located is open for all. Touch the idol, bend down your head and do you puja.

After the holy visit of the temple return to the Govt. Camps / Lodges. After a hearty meal, start the return trek of 20 km from Kedarnath to Sonprayag. Reach the Sonprayag Car Parking, where your car awaits to drive to your hotel in Guptkashi. Dinner and Overnight stay is booked here.

Day 7: Guptkashi / Rudraprayag - Joshimath – Badrinath (190 Km / 7 to 8 hrs)-
Today after breakfast, check out of the hotel by 08:00 am and start your road journey for Badrinath Dham, through Joshimath. The route goes through mesmerizing mountains. After arriving, check-in at the hotel for some rest and refreshments.

The evening is scheduled for temple visit. Before entering the holy shrine, take a dip in then purifying waters of Hot Springs/Tapt Kund.

Thereafter, visit the Badrinath temple, which is dedicated to Lord Vishnu. One of the 108 Divya Desams of Lord Vishnu, it is also called Badrinarayan temple. The gold plated ancient shrine is divinely blessed. Return to the hotel for dinner and stay overnight.

Day 8: Badrinath – Joshimath – Birahi / Rudraprayag / Srinagar (165 Km / 5 to 6 hrs)-
This morning, again go for a morning darshan of Badrinath. Returning form the temple have breakfast. After your meal leave for sightseeing. You visit the charming Mana Village- the last village on India-Tibet border, Vyas Gufa- an ancient cave where sage Vyas stayed during the writing of the 4 Vedas, inhabited by Indo-Mangolian tribe, Mata Murti temple-on the banks of Alaknanda River and Ganesh Gufa, cave where Lord Ganesha wrote the great Hindu epic of Mahabharata. Post sightseeing, get on the road to proceed towards Rudraprayag, the holy city.

En-route, take a stoppage at Karnaprayag, one of the Panch Prayag of Alaknanda. It is the confluence of Rivers Alaknanda and Pindar. After reaching Karnaprayag, check-in at a hotel. Dinner and stay overnight.

Day 9: Birahi / Rudraprayag / Srinagar – Rishikesh – Haridwar (160 Km / 5 to 6 hrs)-
An early morning breakfast is followed by an on-road transfer to the spiritual city if Rishikesh, popular all around as the ‘Yoga Capital of the World’. Blessed with a serene ambiance, it houses a number ashrams and spiritual centers. It is visited by spiritual seekers from all over the globe.

On reaching Rishikesh, visit the suspension bridges of Ram Jhula and Laxman Jhula, the very prime attractions of Rishikesh. Later, proceed to Haridwar. Upon arrival, check-in at the hotel for dinner and night stay.

Day 10: Haridwar – Delhi (230 Km / 6 to 7 hrs)-
On the final day of Teen Dharm Yatra tour, after breakfast, continue your read journey to Delhi. As you arrive in Delhi, get transferred to Delhi Airport/Railway Station for your onward journey.

