ITINERARY
Itinerary

DELHI - SHIMLA (365 KM)
Arrive Delhi airport train station and drive to Shimla. One of the most popular hill Resorts of the North. The town is situated at an altitude of 6810 ft, initially chosen as a sanatorium for invalid European officers, but soon developed into a big hill town and became the summer capital of the country. Upon arrival check in to the hotel for Overnight stay.


SHIMLA-KUFRI-SHIMLA
After having breakfast proceed for sightseeing tour of Shimla. Visit Kufri, Ridge Maidan, Mall Road and Christ Church. Overnight stay at the hotel.


SHIMLA – MANALI (270 KM)
After having breakfast proceed for Manali. Manali is an important hill station of northern India and is the destination of thousands of tourists every year. Its cool atmosphere provides a perfect haven for the ones afflicted by the hot Indian summers. Besides offering quite a few places for sightseeing, Manali is also famous for adventure sports like skiing, hiking, mountaineering, paragliding, rafting, trekking, kayaking, and mountain biking En- route visit Hanogi Mata Temple. Overnight stay at hotel in Manali.


MANALI - ROHTANG PASS - MANALI
Today full day excursion visiting Rohtang Pass (Upto Snow Line in case Rohtang is closed due to snow fall). Later in evening Walk through town visiting newly constructed Buddhist Monastery. Hadimba Devi temple-It is small temple situated in the dense forest is very interesting . Hadimba is said to be the wife of Bhima from the epic of Mahabharata. Vashisht, it is an extremely picturesque little place clinging to the steep hill side. On the way up to the village you come upon the Vashisht hot baths where a natural sulphar spring is piped into a modern bath -house. Dinner and overnight.


MANALI – CHAMUNDA – DHARAMSHALA (260 KM)
After breakfast, proceed for Dharamshala. En-route visit Chamunda Devi Temple. Check in to the hotel. Evening visit Budhist Monastry, Bhagsunag Temple, Enjoy the natural beauty of Dharamshala. Overnight stay at hotel.


DHARAMSHALA - AMRITSAR (250 KMS)
After breakfast drive to Amritsar. Strait on arrival visit Golden Temple, Jallianwala Bagh. In evening Bagha Border. Overnight stay at hotel.


AMRITSAR - DELHI (450 KMS) 9 HOURS DRIVE
After breakfast transfer you to the train station/airport for onward destination.

Tour and Services ends