ITINERARY


ARRIVE SRINAGAR
Arrive Srinagar, pick up and transfer to Houseboat. Rest of the day is at leisure. Overnight at Houseboat. In the afternoon Shikara ride on The Dal Lake to enjoy the beauty that God has graced this city with, which is often compared to Venice. You will get view of some very interesting places around the Lake. Overnight at Houseboat.


SRINAGAR TO PAHALGAM
This morning after breakfast drives to Pahalgam 2440 Meters (Vale of Kashmir) on arrival check into your hotel. On the way visit Saffron field and Avantipur ruins, which is eleven hundred years old temple? Finally by the lunchtime you will reach Pahalgam, which is the most famous palace for Indian Film Industry. After lunch enjoy the nature charm of the valley.


PAHALGAM TO GULMARG
This morning after breakfast drive to Gulmarg which is one of the most beautiful summer resort in the valley. On arrival check into your hotel. This afternoon visit One can have Gondola ride (cable car) from Gulmarg to Khalinmarg. Overnight at Hotel in Gulmarg.


GULMARG(SIGHT SEEING) - SRINAGAR
After breakfast visit for the highest golf course in the world and skiing during the winter season. Hara Mukh & Sun Set Peak. Later drive to Srinagar. On arrival check in to the hotel. Overnight stay at hotel.


SRINAGAR & THE CITY OF MUGHAL
This morning after breakfast proceed for city tour of Srinagar. The world famous Mughal Gardens visiting the Nishat Bagh (The garden of pleasure) & Shalimar Bagh (Abode of love), & The Chasme Shahi Garden, & Shankaracharya Temple. In the evening return to Houseboat. Overnight at Hotel or House boat.


SRINAGAR - JAMMU
After breakfast visit for the highest golf course in the world and skiing during the winter season. Hara Mukh & Sun Set Peak. Later drive to Srinagar. On arrival check in to the hotel. Overnight stay at hotel.


ARRIVE DELHI
Arrive Delhi train station and transfer you to the hotel. Later do city tour of Delhi covering India Gate, Red Fort, Qutub Minar, Parliament house, President house, Lotus Temple etc. Overnight star at hotel.


DELHI- JAIPUR (265 KMS)
In the morning after breakfast drive to Jaipur. visit the Amber Fort. Amber Fort was the capital of this state long time ago. Visit the Sheesh Mahal (Hall of victory) which is a hall glittering with mirrors. Ascend the fort on an Elephant back. On arrival in Jaipur check in to the hotel. Overnight stay at hotel.


JAIPUR
Jaipur is the capital of Rajasthan. It was painted in pink colour a century ago in honour of a visiting prince. Ever since, Jaipur has retained this pink colour. Built by Maharaja Jai Singh, a notable astronomer, this city is 260 years old. While in Jaipur, visit Maharaja's City Palace, the Observatory and Ram Niwas Gardens, Birla Temple, Wind Palace Water Palace. Drive past the Hawa Mahal. Stay overnight at the hotel.


JAIPUR - AGRA (237 KMS)
Today drive to Agra. en route stop at Fatehpur Sikri. Fatehpur Sikri was built between 1571 and 1585. It is one of the finest examples of Mughal architectural splendour. Though the city is in ruins, it is a must visit place for those who visit Agra. Fatehpur Sikri is a place where one should spend some time. Later continue to Agra. On arrival check in to the hotel for overnight stay.


AGRA - DELHI (200 KMS)
After breakfast visit the Agra Fort which has the Pearl Mosque, Diwan-e-am (the hall of public audience) and Diwan-e-Khas (the hall of private audience). Taj Mahal. Later continue to Delhi. On the way visit Birth Place of Loard Krishna. Overnight stay at hotel.


DELHI (200 KMS) AND TRANSFER TO AIRPORT
Today after breakfast drive to Airport / Train station for onward destination.

Tour and Services ends