ITINERARY
Itinerary
Mumbai Arrival
ARRIVAL MUMBAI
On arrival at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport or Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus Railway Station, you can head for your hotel to relax. After lunch, you can proceed for a half city sightseeing tour which includes a tour of the Mumbai beaches covering Marine drive, Juhu beach, Chaupati beach and Crawford market. Return after the expedition and enjoy your dinner and rest at the selected hotel.

Mumbai City
THE CITY MUMBAI
After a healthy breakfast make your way for a full day sightseeing tour of Mumbai. Some notable sights to visit are the Gateway of Mumbai, Elephanta Caves etc. Return to your hotel by sundown and enjoy your dinner and rest for the night.

Way to Lonavala
WAY TO LONAVALA (82.7 KM)
Start your day with a heavy breakfast in the hotel and head out for Lonavala. A Jaunt through amazing hilly slopes and lush greenery of Mother Nature as you make your way to your pit stop. On arrival, check into your hotel and rest for a while. Relax your body, mind and soul with drinks and fine dining at your hotel to end the day.

Lonavala - Khandala - Karla– Lonavala
LONAVALA - KHANDALA - KARLA– LONAVALA
Leave your hotel after heavy breakfast for a full day expedition. Drive to Khandala via national highway 48 that will take up to 8 to 14 minutes. Since Lonavala, Khandala is located in the Sahyadri Mountain ranges you can sight see Bhushi Dam, Valvan Dam, Duke’s Nose, Ryewood Park, and Tiger’s leap.

Head to Karla crossing Lonavala via the same route, the journey may take 28 minutes. Witness the ruins of Karla caves and the Buddhist Temple. These rock-cut caves are ranked amongst the oldest examples of Buddhist temple art in India. Return to Lonavala and enjoy warm dinner and rest in the hotel.

Lonavala - Pune - Mahabaleshwar
LONAVALA - PUNE –MAHABALESHWAR (200 KM)
Early morning after breakfast drive to Mahabaleshwar en-route Pune. In this 65.1 km drive to Pune you can cover - Aga Khan Palace, Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Ashram of Osho, Lal Mahal (Palace), Parvati Hill and Temple, Raj Bhavan,Shaniwar Wada, Shindyanchi Chhatri.

After short sight see you can continue towards Mahabaleshwar. On arrival at Mahabaleshwar, you can check in the hotel and rest.

Full Tour at Mahabaleshwar
FULL TOUR AT MAHABALESHWAR
Enjoy breakfast in the hotel and plan a full day sightseeing Mahabaleshwar. Visit the Mahabaleshwar Temple, Waterfalls, Venna Lake, EchoPoint, Elphinstone Point, Connaught Peak, Marjorie Point, Kate's Point, Arthur's Point, Bombay point, Gaolani Point, Panchgani Point etc. In evening return back to the hotel celebrate your holiday with dinner and overnight stay at the hotel.

Mahabaleshwar – Mumbai
MAHABALESHWAR – MUMBAI (261 KM)
Check out from the hotel and head your way back to the metropolis city Mumbai. On arrival to the city, head straight for Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport or Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus Railway Station to ascend to your respective destination.